chore: add vscode-common-intellisense to the Community Ecosystem (#12406)
youzan/vant: README.md

| [sfc-playground-vant](https://github.com/zhixiaoqiang/sfc-playground-vant) | Vant Playground |
| [vue3-h5-template](https://github.com/yulimchen/vue3-h5-template) | Mobile project template based on Vant |
| [vue3-vant-mobile](https://github.com/CharleeWa/vue3-vant-mobile) | Mobile project template based on Vant |

> | [vscode-common-intellisense](https://github.com/Simon-He95/vscode-common-intellisense) | The vscode plugin provides vant developers with super intellisense |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [vscode-common-intellisense](https://github.com/Simon-He95/vscode-common-intellisense) | A VS Code extension that provides better intellisense to Vant developers |
```
